LIVE over SSH

Running your xbox 360 over a secure shell link?  very cool.
Doing it without a ton of setup work?  better.
Tunneling other devices on your network over ssh?  nice.



What is it?

Run your xbox 360 or other device through a SSH link.  Also, can 
function as a wireless bridge for you 360, saving you $99 for the 
wireless adapter. The script can automatically configure the 
connections and system on startup, then reset everything when it is 
closed.  Easy!



How does it work?

It works by creating a seperate network on the secondary network 
interface, running dnsmasq to handle IP address allocation, then sets 
the linux routing table to forward packets from the secondary network 
to redsocks, which then relays everything to ssh as SOCKS5.  SSH, then 
forwards the packets to another server, and so on.

While I am using it for my xbox, you may use the secondary interface 
for any device that uses ethernet.  BUT, its only been tested with my 
xbox, and for technical reasons, cannot handle UDP, which may limit 
its uses.



Getting Started:

Before you start you will need a computer running linux with a free 
network interface.  It has only been tested with an ethernet adapter, 
but could use wireless...with some work and compatable drivers to let 
the wireless adapter function as a hotspot.

I'm currently running this on an ASUS eee pc 901 laptop.  It is also 
working like a wireless adapter for the xbox.  Its like a wireless 
bridge.  In fact, you can disable the ssh function and just run the 
script as a wireless bridge for your 360, or anything else.

Your linux system should have:

* 2+ network interfaces (use a laptop)
* iptables
* ssh
* dnsmasq
* python >= 2.6
* redsocks (included in the download)



Quick Guide to getting it running:

* Download the script.
* Install redsocks.  You may have to build it from source if it is not 
     in your distro.  I have had problems with the git version 
     dropping connections.  Use the version included.  I've included a 
     binary, but it may not work on your system.
* Install dnsmasq.
     Your system may attempt to use it as a service.  You will need to 
     disable it because the script will configure and run dnsmasq on 
     its own (so you don't have to).

NOTE:
     If you are using network manager, you may want to disable it and
     configure your internet connection manually.  The script isn't 
     network manager aware, and nm will close the interfaces just as 
     soon as the script sets them up.  Not a good situation.  May 
     change in the future.  If you insist on using network manager, 
     then use nm to set your secondary interface to a seperate network 
     from your internet connection.  For example, 192.168.32.1.

* Put the script in a directory somewhere.
     Copy the redsock binary there if you had to build it from source.

*  Open the script and check the settings for your system.
*  Set the ssh options for your server (ie wowlinks, etc).
*  Run the script.
     Wait until it prints that the link is ready.

* Plug your xbox360 directly into your computer with an ethernet
     cable.  You may have to run the network setup on the 360 to get 
     it to register the new IP address.
     Your nat will probably be something like 'moderate', or 'strict'.

Done!



Limitations:

Due to the limitations of redsocks, a program used to tunnel, UDP is 
not supported.  This may limit what you can do with your 360 over ssh. 
Currently tested and working (for me) is:

*  Logging into Live
*  Browsing games
*  Downloading stuff
*  Sending messages
*  Playing ranked matches in SSFIV
*  Voice Chat

This has only been tested on Debian Lenny.


Finally:

Of course, I am not responsible for any damages done to you, your 
computer(s), xbox 360, live account, cat, etc.
Use at your own risk.

ENJOY!
